Fix T855530: Popup occupies full screen, disregarding the container (#272)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxPopup/1 Configuration/fullScreen.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether to display the **Popup** in full-screen mode.

---

> [note] When **fullScreen** is **true**, the widget always occupies the entire screen, disregarding the [container](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxPopup/1%20Configuration/container.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#container') value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] When **fullScreen** is **true**, the widget always occupies the entire screen and disregards the [container](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxPopup/1%20Configuration/container.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/#container') value.
```
